I finally came back after five years
And I want you to wait for me
The position of the Spiritual Supreme Lady is at the Great Happy
How have you been over the years?
Over the years, Madam's strength and status have risen extremely high
Now there is a name on the first girl of the corporal
Another
Madam has been making friends with various forces recently
I want the Shen family to become the first family in the next generation
Now that I'm back
Just let me help him do it myself
This kind of small thing is not worth your personal attention.
Just leave it to me
Ye Feifan again
My lord for you
But he resigned as governor of Kyoto
I made a special trip to choose Middle and Lower History
From now on
I will serve as the lower-middle governor
I'm in charge
I want to support the Shen family to become a first-class family
Easy
Do you think I can't do it myself?
No, definitely not.
It's just that there are still ancient forbidden areas in the territory
The remaining power of the beast
You do it yourself
I'm afraid it will reveal my whereabouts
Bring unnecessary trouble to Miss Shen
With me in front of you
It will save you a lot of trouble.
Makes sense.
Then do as you say.